DISKS

This screen displays the internal disks and external storage devices that can be used as installation targets. To be recognized by the installer, the devices must be plugged in when the installer begins. 

Note: You do not need to set up a mirrored configuration during installation. You can use the ZFS attach command after installation to perform this task. If you plan to set up a mirrored configuration, remember that the second disk has to be equal or larger than the installation target. 

WARNING: Note the following important considerations for x86 installations:

	* If the disk was not previously partitioned, the installation, by default, overwrites the whole disk layout. You can, however, modify the default selections in the installer screens to install to a new Solaris partition that is smaller than the whole disk.

	* If a Solaris partition is on the disk, and the installation makes no modifications to the partitions, the installation overwrites the Solaris partition only. Other existing partitions are not changed. 

Note: No actual changes will be made to the system until you complete the installer selection screens and begin the actual installation process.

SIZE

The recommended size and minimum size for the OpenSolaris OS installation are displayed. The size of each device is displayed in gigabytes. 

* Devices that are too small for a successful installation are labeled that way. 

* Some devices may be so large that an OpenSolaris installation cannot use all the space on the device. These devices have a maximum installation size specified.

PARTITIONS OR SLICES

The first section of the screen lists available devices. One device is highlighted by default. The next section of the screen displays the partition or slice information for the currently highlighted device. Partitions are listed for x86 formatted devices. Slices are listed for SPARC formatted devices.

If you want to view the partition or slice information for another device, you can use the arrow keys to select that device. The screen changes to display the partition or slice information for the device that you select.

If there are more than four devices, press the up/down arrow keys repeatedly to scroll down to the other devices. 

CAUTION: If there are no existing partitions or slices for a device, the screen displays proposed partition or slice setup. In this case, all existing data on the device would be destroyed during installation.

PROCEDURE

To exit this help screen, press F3. Then, in the installer screen, choose one of the following options:

     * If you want to install to the device that is currently highlighted, select F2 and the installation continues to the next screen.

     * If you want to select a different device for the installation, use the arrow keys to highlight your preferred device. Partition or slice information will display for the device that you select. Then press F2 to continue. 

NAVIGATION

Use the function keys listed at the bottom of each screen to navigate between screens. Use the arrow keys to move through the text on each screen.

Note: If your keyboard does not have function keys, or the keys do not respond, press ESC to view the alternate ESC keys for navigation.

